Image Registration Toolkit

Version 2.0

Disclaimer:

This software has been developed for research purposes only, and hence should not be 
used as a diagnostic tool. In no event shall the authors or distributors be liable to 
any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising of the use 
of this software, its documentation, or any derivatives thereof, even if the authors 
have been advised of the possibility of such damage.

Authors:

The image registration software itself has been written by

Daniel Rueckert

Visual Information Processing Group
Department of Computing
Imperial College London
London SW7 2BZ, United Kingdom

The image processing library used by the registration software has been written by

Daniel Rueckert
Julia Schnabel

See the COPYRIGHT file in this directory for more information on the copyright and 
license agreement for the software.

The non-rigid registration algorithms implemented in the software are described by 
the following publications:

J. A. Schnabel, D. Rueckert, M. Quist, J. M. Blackall, A. D. Castellano Smith, 
T. Hartkens, G. P. Penney, W. A. Hall, H. Liu, C. L. Truwit, F. A. Gerritsen, 
D. L. G. Hill, and D. J. Hawkes. A generic framework for non-rigid registration 
based on non-uniform multi-level free-form deformations. In Fourth Int. Conf. on 
Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention (MICCAI '01), pages 
573-581, Utrecht, NL, October 2001

D. Rueckert, L. I. Sonoda, C. Hayes, D. L. G. Hill, M. O. Leach, and D. J. Hawkes. 
Non-rigid registration using free-form deformations: Application to breast MR 
images. IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging, 18(8):712-721, 1999.

E. R. E. Denton, L. I. Sonoda, D. Rueckert, S. C. Rankin, C. Hayes, M. Leach, D. 
L. G. Hill, and D. J. Hawkes. Comparison and evaluation of rigid and non-rigid 
registration of breast MR images. Journal of Computer Assisted Tomography, 
23:800-805, 1999.

Other Software

The Image Registration Toolkit (called ITK) is not related to the Insight Toolkit 
(also called ITK). By coincidence both packages use the same acronymn. If you are 
looking for the Insight Toolkit please visit http://www.itk.org.

